=== Design and Implementation Plan Questions ===

Below are a few questions about how you will design your program and your
implementation plan. It is crucial to have a reasonable design and
implementation plan before you start your program. Without this, success is
unlikely. The following questions will help guide you in your thinking and
raise some important questions and issues. There is no single "right" answer
to each of the questions but there are some "wrong" answers. Some designs and
plans are better than others. The point here is for you to think about what
you're going to do.

Make a copy of this file and edit it, adding your answers then turn this
document in.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

1) What classes to you intend to create? List each of the classes and provide
a brief description of the role of that class. This list is not set in
stone. As you implement your program, if you find that you need additional
classes that are not in this list, or that something you listed here doesn't
really fit, that's ok. The point is to start thinking about the high-level
structure of your program.

<your answer here>

2) Which class do you plan to implement first? Why?

<your answer here>

3) What is your algorithm for finding the most common temperature and
windspeed values?

<your answer here>

4) One approach to finding all of the values less than -50C is to check each
value as it is being inserted into the list. If the new value is less than
-50C then increment a counter. This approach will not work for this
program. Why not? 

<your answer here>

5) What is your testing strategy? Will you only use the given data file or
will you create smaller data files to help focus your testing?

<your answer here>

6) What is your strategy for finding and addressing memory leaks? Will you get
the whole program working first and then address memory leaks or will you
check on memory leaks as you go?

<your answer here>




